README.md, before:

[![Udacity Robotics Nanodegree](http://tugan0329.bitbucket.io/imgs/github/robond.svg)](https://www.udacity.com/robotics)

![readme picture](http://tugan0329.bitbucket.io/imgs/github/robond-readme.png)

# Udacity-Robotics
These are work and projects I developed as a part of [Udacity Robotics Nanodegree Program](https://www.udacity.com/robotics).

## Relevant Projects
You can also view my [self driving car projects](https://github.com/Michael-Tu/Udacity-Self-Driving-Car) and [computer vision projects](https://github.com/Michael-Tu/Udacity-Computer-Vision). 

These projects include but not limited to traffic sign classifier, end-to-end learning/behavioral-cloning, lane line detection, and vehicle detection & tracking.


## Environment Setup
Make sure you have Anaconda installed. Then, run `conda env create -f environment.yml` to install all necessary packages needed for all my projects.

If you have issues installing packages, get more instructions [here](https://github.com/ryan-keenan/RoboND-Python-Starterkit).

Commit message:

new bio with correct project overview desc

README.md, after:

[![Udacity Robotics Nanodegree](http://tugan0329.bitbucket.io/imgs/github/robond.svg)](https://www.udacity.com/robotics)

![readme picture](http://tugan0329.bitbucket.io/imgs/github/robond-readme.png)

# Udacity-Robotics
These are work and projects I developed as a part of [Udacity Robotics Nanodegree Program](https://www.udacity.com/robotics).

## Relevant Projects
You can also view my [self driving car projects](https://github.com/Michael-Tu/Udacity-Self-Driving-Car) and [computer vision projects](https://github.com/Michael-Tu/Udacity-Computer-Vision). 

In this project, I'll:

- write code to autonautonomously map a simulated environment, search for samples of interest, and pick them up. 
- use Kinematics and ROS to manipulate a robotic arm in simulation with six degrees of freedom to pick up an object from one location and place it in another without running into obstacles. 
- program a Willow Garage, two-armed PR2 robot to locate an object in a cluttered environment and then relocate it to a new location
- train a deep neural network to identify and track a target in simulation and then issue commands to a drone to follow that target. 


## Environment Setup
Make sure you have Anaconda installed. Then, run `conda env create -f environment.yml` to install all necessary packages needed for all my projects.

If you have issues installing packages, get more instructions [here](https://github.com/ryan-keenan/RoboND-Python-Starterkit).
